Abnormal B-Event
compass I-Event
function I-Event
or I-Event
GPS I-Event
signal I-Event
detected E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
switched I-Event
to I-Event
ATTI I-Event
mode E-Event
. O

ActiveTrack B-Event
Flight I-Event
Ended E-Event
: O
Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
entering I-Event
a I-Event
restricted I-Event
area E-Event
. O

Advanced B-Event
RTH I-Event
Image I-Event
Transmission I-Event
Recovered E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
returning I-Event
home E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-NonEvent
approaching I-NonEvent
obstacle I-NonEvent
sensing I-NonEvent
blind I-NonEvent
spot I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
may I-NonEvent
be I-NonEvent
unable I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
detect I-NonEvent
obstacles E-NonEvent
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
battery I-Event
level I-Event
low E-Event
. O
Return B-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
home I-NonEvent
promptly E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
flight I-Event
control I-Event
locked E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
Altitude I-NonEvent
Zone E-NonEvent
. O
Max B-Event
altitude I-Event
set I-Event
to I-Event
nnn E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-Event
in I-Event
Authorization I-Event
Zone E-Event
. O
Unable B-Event
to I-Event
take I-Event
off I-Event
before I-Event
unlocking E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-Event
in I-Event
Restricted I-Event
Zones E-Event
. O
Check B-NonEvent
map I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
find I-NonEvent
Recommended I-NonEvent
Zones E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
entering I-Event
a I-Event
restricted I-Event
area E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
flying I-Event
back I-Event
to I-Event
the I-Event
start I-Event
point E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
landing I-Event
due I-Event
to I-Event
low I-Event
voltage, I-Event
which I-Event
cannot I-Event
be I-Event
stopped E-Event
. O
You B-NonEvent
can I-NonEvent
decelerate I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
descending I-NonEvent
speed I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
avoid I-NonEvent
obstacles I-NonEvent
using I-NonEvent
sticks E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
returning I-Event
to I-Event
the I-Event
Home I-Event
Point E-Event
. O
Minimum B-NonEvent
RTH I-NonEvent
Altitude I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
98ft E-NonEvent
. O
You B-NonEvent
can I-NonEvent
reset I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
RTH I-NonEvent
Altitude I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
Remote I-NonEvent
Controller I-NonEvent
Settings I-NonEvent
after I-NonEvent
cancelling I-NonEvent
RTH E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
max I-Event
power I-Event
load I-Event
reached E-Event
. O
Decrease B-NonEvent
altitude I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
fly I-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O
If B-NonEvent
this I-NonEvent
issue I-NonEvent
persists, I-NonEvent
land I-NonEvent
immediately E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
switched I-Event
to I-Event
ATTI I-Event
mode E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-Event
too I-Event
Far E-Event
. O
Cannot B-Event
enter I-Event
Follow I-Event
Me I-Event
Mode E-Event
. O

Altitude B-Event
above I-Event
the I-Event
takeoff I-Event
point I-Event
exceeds I-Event
nnn E-Event
. O
Always B-NonEvent
fly I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
compliance I-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
altitude I-NonEvent
limitations E-NonEvent
. O

Altitude B-NonEvent
Zone I-NonEvent
nnn E-NonEvent
. O

Ambient B-Event
Light I-Event
too I-Event
Weak E-Event
, O
Backward B-NonEvent
obstacle I-NonEvent
sensing I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
unavailable E-NonEvent
. O
please B-NonEvent
ensure I-NonEvent
safety I-NonEvent
during I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
flight E-NonEvent
. O

APAS B-Event
has I-Event
been I-Event
enabled E-Event
. O

Approaching B-Event
NFZ I-Event
or I-Event
pre-set I-Event
distance I-Event
limit I-Event
of I-Event
(nnn) E-Event
. O
Revise B-NonEvent
Flight I-NonEvent
Route E-NonEvent
. O

Arrived B-Event
at I-Event
End I-Event
Point E-Event
. O

Arrived B-Event
at I-Event
Start I-Event
Point E-Event
. O
Starting B-Event
Waypoint I-Event
Mission E-Event
. O

At B-NonEvent
least I-NonEvent
two I-NonEvent
Waypoints I-NonEvent
are I-NonEvent
needed E-NonEvent
. O

At B-NonEvent
Least I-NonEvent
Two I-NonEvent
Waypoints I-NonEvent
Required E-NonEvent
. O

Attitude B-Event
is I-Event
too I-Event
large E-Event
. O
Backward B-Event
obstacle I-Event
sensing I-Event
is I-Event
unavailable E-Event
. O

Backward B-Event
Obstacle I-Event
Sensing I-Event
is I-Event
not I-Event
functioning E-Event
. O

Barometer B-Event
initialization I-Event
failed E-Event
. O
Restart B-NonEvent
aircraft E-NonEvent
. O

Battery B-Event
Alert E-Event
. O
Battery B-Event
installation I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
check I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
batteries I-NonEvent
are I-NonEvent
inserted I-NonEvent
correctly E-NonEvent
. O

Battery B-Event
error E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
returning I-Event
to I-Event
home I-Event
automatically E-Event
. O

Battery B-Event
power I-Event
restricted E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
performance I-Event
decreased I-Event
to I-Event
ensure I-Event
flight I-Event
safety E-Event
. O
Return B-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
home I-NonEvent
promptly E-NonEvent
. O

Battery B-Event
Signal I-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Check B-NonEvent
battery I-NonEvent
connection E-NonEvent
. O

Battery B-Event
temperature I-Event
too I-Event
low E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Battery B-Event
Voltage I-Event
Difference I-Event
too I-Event
large E-Event
. O
Check B-NonEvent
Battery I-NonEvent
Status E-NonEvent
. O

Battery: B-Event
Battery I-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Return B-NonEvent
home I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
land I-NonEvent
soon E-NonEvent
. O
View B-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
checklist I-NonEvent
after I-NonEvent
landing E-NonEvent
. O

Battery: B-Event
Connection I-Event
Error E-Event
. O

Braking B-NonEvent
now E-NonEvent
! O
Return B-NonEvent
sticks I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
midpoints I-NonEvent
first E-NonEvent
. O

Camera B-Event
busy E-Event
, O
cannot B-NonEvent
enter I-NonEvent
playback E-NonEvent
. O

Camera B-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Solution: B-NonEvent
Restart I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
aircraft, I-NonEvent
if I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
problem I-NonEvent
persists, I-NonEvent
contact I-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support E-NonEvent
. O

Camera B-Event
not I-Event
calibrated E-Event
. O
Image B-Event
quality I-Event
affected E-Event
. O
Contact B-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
assistance E-NonEvent
. O

Cannot B-Event
change I-Event
current I-Event
flight I-Event
mode E-Event
. O
Enable B-NonEvent
Multiple I-NonEvent
Flight I-NonEvent
Modes I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
Settings I-NonEvent
menu I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
change E-NonEvent
. O

Cannot B-Event
enter I-Event
ActiveTrack E-Event
. O
Ambient B-Event
Light I-Event
is I-Event
too I-Event
weak E-Event
. O

Cannot B-Event
enter I-Event
the I-Event
selected I-Event
flight I-Event
mode E-Event
. O
Try B-NonEvent
again I-NonEvent
later E-NonEvent
. O

Cannot B-Event
start I-Event
Self-Timer E-Event
. O
Exposure B-Event
time I-Event
is I-Event
too I-Event
long E-Event
. O

Cannot B-Event
takeoff E-Event
. O
Ensure B-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
battery I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
properly I-NonEvent
connected E-NonEvent
. O

Cannot B-Event
track I-Event
subject E-Event
: O
Forward B-Event
Obstacle I-Event
Sensing I-Event
not I-Event
Responding E-Event
. O

Cannot B-Event
track I-Event
subject E-Event
: O
Subject B-NonEvent
too I-NonEvent
Small E-NonEvent
. O
Get B-NonEvent
Closer I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
retry E-NonEvent
. O

Capture B-Event
Failed E-Event
. O
Distance B-Event
limit I-Event
exceeded E-Event
. O
Cannot B-Event
shoot I-Event
panorama E-Event
. O

Capture B-Event
Failed E-Event
. O
Shooting B-Event
interrupted E-Event
. O

Capture B-Event
Failed E-Event
. O
Shooting B-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
currently I-NonEvent
not I-NonEvent
permitted E-NonEvent
. O

Capture B-Event
Failed E-Event
. O
Stick B-Event
movement I-Event
detected E-Event
. O
Panorama B-Event
has I-Event
stopped E-Event
. O

Check B-NonEvent
whether I-NonEvent
propellers I-NonEvent
are I-NonEvent
installed I-NonEvent
correctly E-NonEvent
. O
If B-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
propellers I-NonEvent
are I-NonEvent
installed I-NonEvent
correctly I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
still I-NonEvent
cannot I-NonEvent
takeoff, I-NonEvent
a I-NonEvent
motor I-NonEvent
error I-NonEvent
may I-NonEvent
exist E-NonEvent
. O
Contact B-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
assistance E-NonEvent
. O

Color B-Event
display I-Event
in I-Event
the I-Event
Liveview I-Event
has I-Event
been I-Event
enhanced E-Event
. O
Videos B-Event
and I-Event
photos I-Event
will I-Event
still I-Event
be I-Event
shot I-Event
in I-Event
D-Log I-Event
mode E-Event
. O

Command B-Event
Timeout E-Event
. O

Compass B-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Compass B-Event
data I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
contact I-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support E-NonEvent
. O
Compass B-Event
disconnected E-Event
. O

Compass B-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Compass B-Event
error E-Event
. O
Solution: B-NonEvent
Move I-NonEvent
away I-NonEvent
from I-NonEvent
ground I-NonEvent
magnetic I-NonEvent
interference E-NonEvent
. O

Compass B-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Compass B-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Compass B-Event
data I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
contact I-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support E-NonEvent
. O

Compass B-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Compass B-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Compass B-Event
disconnected E-Event
. O

Compass B-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Compass B-Event
interference E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
move I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
away I-NonEvent
from I-NonEvent
potential I-NonEvent
interference I-NonEvent
source I-NonEvent
or I-NonEvent
calibrate I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
compass E-NonEvent
. O

Compass B-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Compass B-Event
Redundancy I-Event
Switch E-Event
. O

Compass B-Event
Redundancy I-Event
Switch E-Event
. O

Critical B-Event
Low I-Event
Battery E-Event
. O

Critical B-Event
low I-Event
battery E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
returning I-Event
to I-Event
home E-Event
. O

Critically B-Event
low I-Event
power E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
landing E-Event
. O

Critically B-Event
Low I-Event
Power E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
Landing E-Event
. O

Critically B-Event
Low I-Event
Power E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
Landing E-Event
. O
Throttle B-NonEvent
up I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
reduce I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
speed I-NonEvent
of I-NonEvent
descent I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
use I-NonEvent
sticks I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
avoid I-NonEvent
obstacles E-NonEvent
. O

Critically B-Event
Low I-Event
Voltage I-Event
Warning E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
will I-Event
be I-Event
forced I-Event
to I-Event
land E-Event
. O

Data B-Event
Recorder I-Event
File I-Event
Index I-Event
is I-Event
12 E-Event
. O

Data B-Event
Recorder I-Event
File I-Event
Index I-Event
is I-Event
13 E-Event
. O

Data B-Event
Recorder I-Event
File I-Event
Index I-Event
is I-Event
17 E-Event
. O

Data B-Event
Recorder I-Event
File I-Event
Index I-Event
is I-Event
2 E-Event
. O

Data B-Event
Recorder I-Event
File I-Event
Index I-Event
is I-Event
46 E-Event
. O

Data B-Event
Recorder I-Event
File I-Event
Index I-Event
is I-Event
7 E-Event
. O

Detecting B-Event
subject E-Event
. O

Disable B-NonEvent
SD I-NonEvent
card I-NonEvent
read I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
write I-NonEvent
protection I-NonEvent
or I-NonEvent
change I-NonEvent
card E-NonEvent
. O

Downlink B-Event
Lost E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
Restored I-Event
(after I-Event
0m I-Event
0.9s) E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
Restored I-Event
(after I-Event
0m I-Event
1.6s) E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
Restored I-Event
(after I-Event
0m I-Event
11.3s) E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
Restored I-Event
(after I-Event
0m I-Event
2.3s) E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
Restored I-Event
(after I-Event
0m I-Event
5.8s) E-Event
. O

Downward B-Event
altitude I-Event
sensor I-Event
data I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
contact I-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
help E-NonEvent
. O

Downward B-Event
ambient I-Event
light I-Event
too I-Event
low E-Event
. O
Obstacle B-NonEvent
avoidance I-NonEvent
unavailable E-NonEvent
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O
Backward B-Event
ambient I-Event
light I-Event
too I-Event
low E-Event
. O
Backward B-NonEvent
obstacle I-NonEvent
avoidance I-NonEvent
unavailable E-NonEvent
. O
Only B-NonEvent
infrared I-NonEvent
sensors I-NonEvent
available E-NonEvent
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Downward B-Event
vision I-Event
sensor I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Contact B-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
assistance E-NonEvent
. O

Drone B-Event
is I-Event
Vibrating E-Event
. O

During B-NonEvent
Smart I-NonEvent
Track, I-NonEvent
you I-NonEvent
can I-NonEvent
control I-NonEvent
lens I-NonEvent
zoom I-NonEvent
within I-NonEvent
a I-NonEvent
certain I-NonEvent
limit E-NonEvent
. O

Error: B-Event
Course I-Event
angle I-Event
control I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
ensure I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
propellers I-NonEvent
are I-NonEvent
installed I-NonEvent
on I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
correct I-NonEvent
motors E-NonEvent
. O

Excessive B-Event
attitude I-Event
angle I-Event
detected E-Event
, O
forward B-Event
obstacle I-Event
avoidance I-Event
has I-Event
stopped I-Event
working E-Event
. O

Exited B-Event
Visual I-Event
Avoidance I-Event
System E-Event
. O

Extended B-Event
flight I-Event
distance I-Event
detected E-Event
. O
Always B-NonEvent
maintain I-NonEvent
visual I-NonEvent
line I-NonEvent
of I-NonEvent
sight I-NonEvent
unless I-NonEvent
otherwise I-NonEvent
authorized E-NonEvent
. O

Extra B-Event
payload I-Event
detected E-Event
. O
Max B-Event
altitude I-Event
and I-Event
distance I-Event
set E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Extra B-Event
payload I-Event
detected E-Event
. O
Max B-Event
altitude I-Event
set I-Event
to I-Event
nnn I-Event
and I-Event
max I-Event
distance I-Event
set I-Event
to I-Event
nnn I-Event
to I-Event
ensure I-Event
flight I-Event
safety E-Event
. O

Extra B-Event
payload I-Event
detected E-Event
. O
Return B-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
an I-NonEvent
area I-NonEvent
nearby I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
home I-NonEvent
point I-NonEvent
promptly I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
fly I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
a I-NonEvent
wind-free I-NonEvent
environment I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
ensure I-NonEvent
flight I-NonEvent
safety E-NonEvent
. O

File B-Event
system I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Change B-NonEvent
SD I-NonEvent
card E-NonEvent
. O

Flight B-Event
altitude I-Event
exceeds I-Event
nnn E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-NonEvent
may I-NonEvent
be I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
violation I-NonEvent
of I-NonEvent
local I-NonEvent
laws I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
regulations E-NonEvent
. O
Check B-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
make I-NonEvent
sure I-NonEvent
you I-NonEvent
have I-NonEvent
obtained I-NonEvent
proper I-NonEvent
authorization I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
fly I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
this I-NonEvent
airspace E-NonEvent
. O

Flight B-Event
distance I-Event
may I-Event
exceed I-Event
line-of-sight E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Flight B-Event
Mode I-Event
Set I-Event
to I-Event
Attitude E-Event
. O

Forward B-Event
vision I-Event
sensor I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Contact B-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
assistance E-NonEvent
. O

Gimbal B-Event
nnn I-Event
pan I-Event
axis I-Event
endpoint I-Event
reached E-Event
. O

Gimbal B-Event
nnn I-Event
pitch I-Event
axis I-Event
endpoint I-Event
reached E-Event
. O

Gimbal B-Event
nnn I-Event
roll I-Event
axis I-Event
endpoint I-Event
reached E-Event
. O

Gimbal B-Event
stuck E-Event
. O
Check B-NonEvent
whether I-NonEvent
gimbal I-NonEvent
lock I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
removed I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
ensure I-NonEvent
gimbal I-NonEvent
can I-NonEvent
rotate I-NonEvent
freely E-NonEvent
. O

High B-Event
wind I-Event
velocity E-Event
. O
Ensure B-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
remains I-NonEvent
within I-NonEvent
your I-NonEvent
line I-NonEvent
of I-NonEvent
sight I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
fly I-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O
Downlink B-Event
Lost E-Event
. O

High B-Event
wind I-Event
velocity E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Home B-Event
Point I-Event
Recorded E-Event
. O

Home B-Event
Point I-Event
recorded E-Event
. O
Return-to-Home B-NonEvent
Altitude I-NonEvent
: I-NonEvent
98FT E-NonEvent
. O

IMU B-Event
attitude I-Event
restricted E-Event
. O
Ensure B-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
level E-NonEvent
. O

IMU B-Event
not I-Event
calibrated E-Event
. O
Calibrate B-NonEvent
IMU E-NonEvent
. O

Incompatible B-Event
firmware I-Event
version E-Event
. O
Go B-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
Profile I-NonEvent
> I-NonEvent
Settings I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
update I-NonEvent
firmware E-NonEvent
. O

Landing B-Event
gear I-Event
lowered E-Event
. O
Obstacle B-Event
Avoidance I-Event
Disabled E-Event
. O

Landing B-Event
gear I-Event
lowered E-Event
. O
Obstacle B-Event
Avoidance I-Event
has I-Event
been I-Event
disabled E-Event
. O

Landing B-Event
Gear I-Event
Lowering E-Event
. O

Landing B-Event
Gear I-Event
Raising E-Event
. O

Landing B-Event
Gear I-Event
Raising E-Event
. O
Home B-Event
Point I-Event
Recorded E-Event
. O

Low B-Event
power E-Event
, O
please B-NonEvent
replace I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
battery E-NonEvent
. O

Manned B-Event
aircraft I-Event
approaching E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
at I-NonEvent
a I-NonEvent
safe I-NonEvent
altitude E-NonEvent
. O

Max B-Event
altitude I-Event
reached I-Event
(Altitude I-Event
limit: I-Event
nnn) I-Event
X E-Event
. O

Max B-Event
Flight I-Event
Altitude I-Event
Reached E-Event
. O
Adjust B-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
Main I-NonEvent
Controller I-NonEvent
Settings I-NonEvent
if I-NonEvent
necessary E-NonEvent
. O

Maximum B-Event
flight I-Event
distance I-Event
reached E-Event
. O
Adjust B-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
distance I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
MC I-NonEvent
Settings I-NonEvent
if I-NonEvent
required E-NonEvent
. O

Min B-Event
Waypoint I-Event
Distance: I-Event
nnn E-Event
. O

Mobile B-Event
device I-Event
CPU I-Event
fully I-Event
loaded E-Event
. O
Related B-Event
performance I-Event
will I-Event
be I-Event
affected E-Event
. O

Motor B-Event
error E-Event
. O
Check B-NonEvent
propellers I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
fly I-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Motor B-Event
is I-Event
idling I-Event
(lost I-Event
or I-Event
missing I-Event
propeller) E-Event
. O

Motor B-Event
nnn I-Event
propeller I-Event
detached I-Event
or I-Event
installed I-Event
incorrectly E-Event
. O

Motor B-Event
nnn I-Event
stalled E-Event
. O
Land B-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
immediately E-NonEvent
. O

Motor B-Event
stuck E-Event
. O
Check B-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
objects I-NonEvent
blocking I-NonEvent
motor I-NonEvent
or I-NonEvent
contact I-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
assistance I-NonEvent
X E-NonEvent
. O

Motor B-Event
unable I-Event
to I-Event
rotate E-Event
. O
Check B-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
objects I-NonEvent
blocking I-NonEvent
motor I-NonEvent
or I-NonEvent
contact I-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
assistance I-NonEvent
X E-NonEvent
. O

Motor B-Event
unable I-Event
to I-Event
rotate E-Event
. O
Check B-NonEvent
motor E-NonEvent
. O

No B-Event
GPS I-Event
signal E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
unable I-Event
to I-Event
hover E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

No B-Event
GPS E-Event
. O
Return B-Event
to I-Event
Home I-Event
failed E-Event
. O
Return B-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
home I-NonEvent
manually E-NonEvent
. O

Not B-Event
Enough I-Event
Force/ESC I-Event
Error E-Event
. O

Obstacle B-Event
Avoidance I-Event
Disabled E-Event
. O
Landing B-Event
gear I-Event
lowered E-Event
. O
Obstacle B-Event
Avoidance I-Event
Disabled E-Event
. O

Obstacle B-Event
Avoidance I-Event
will I-Event
be I-Event
disabled I-Event
in I-Event
landing E-Event
. O

Obstacle B-Event
Sensing I-Event
will I-Event
be I-Event
disabled I-Event
when I-Event
aircraft I-Event
is I-Event
landing E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Pano B-Event
shooting I-Event
completed E-Event
. O
The B-NonEvent
sky I-NonEvent
part I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
filled I-NonEvent
automatically E-NonEvent
. O

Panorama B-Event
Captured I-Event
Successfully E-Event
. O

Payload B-Event
mode I-Event
enabled E-Event
. O
Max B-Event
altitude I-Event
and I-Event
distance I-Event
set E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Precision B-Event
Landing E-Event
. O

Precision B-Event
Landing E-Event
. O
Locating B-Event
Landing I-Event
Point E-Event
. O

Propeller B-Event
Fell I-Event
Off E-Event
. O
Motor B-Event
idle E-Event
. O
Check B-NonEvent
whether I-NonEvent
propellers I-NonEvent
are I-NonEvent
installed E-NonEvent
. O

QuickShot B-Event
has I-Event
ended E-Event
. O

Recharge B-NonEvent
promptly E-NonEvent
. O

Remote B-Event
controller I-Event
disconnected I-Event
from I-Event
aircraft E-Event
. O

Remote B-Event
controller I-Event
in I-Event
high I-Event
interference I-Event
environment E-Event
. O
Manually B-NonEvent
adjust I-NonEvent
flight I-NonEvent
route I-NonEvent
or I-NonEvent
return I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
home E-NonEvent
. O

Remote B-Event
Controller I-Event
Right I-Event
Dial I-Event
Locked E-Event
. O
Lightly B-NonEvent
press I-NonEvent
it I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
adjust E-NonEvent
. O

Remote B-Event
controller I-Event
signal I-Event
lost E-Event
. O

Remote B-Event
ID I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Connect B-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
network I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
obtain I-NonEvent
mobile I-NonEvent
device I-NonEvent
location E-NonEvent
. O
Flying B-NonEvent
without I-NonEvent
broadcasting I-NonEvent
required I-NonEvent
remote I-NonEvent
ID I-NonEvent
messages I-NonEvent
may I-NonEvent
violate I-NonEvent
local I-NonEvent
regulations E-NonEvent
. O

RTH B-Event
: I-Event
Cruise E-Event
. O

RTH B-Event
: I-Event
Heading I-Event
alignment E-Event
. O

RTH B-NonEvent
Altitude I-NonEvent
: I-NonEvent
98FT E-NonEvent
. O

RTH B-Event
altitude I-Event
adjusted I-Event
to I-Event
nnn E-Event
. O

RTK B-Event
Base I-Event
Station I-Event
Data I-Event
Not I-Event
Received E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
make I-NonEvent
sure I-NonEvent
base I-NonEvent
station I-NonEvent
antenna I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
connected I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
correct I-NonEvent
port E-NonEvent
. O

Set B-NonEvent
Flight I-NonEvent
Mode I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
GPS I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
fly I-NonEvent
safe E-NonEvent
. O

Starting B-Event
Smart I-Event
Track E-Event
. O

Strong B-Event
Interference I-Event
to I-Event
Remote I-Event
Controller E-Event
. O
Signal B-NonEvent
interruption I-NonEvent
maybe I-NonEvent
more I-NonEvent
likely E-NonEvent
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Strong B-Event
wireless I-Event
interference E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
fly I-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O
Obstacle B-Event
Avoidance I-Event
Disabled E-Event
. O
Landing B-Event
gear I-Event
lowered E-Event
. O
Obstacle B-Event
Avoidance I-Event
Disabled E-Event
. O

Subject B-Event
lost E-Event
. O
Searching B-Event
… E-Event
. O

Switched B-Event
to I-Event
A I-Event
(Attitude)-mode E-Event
. O

Switched B-Event
to I-Event
S I-Event
(Sport)-mode E-Event
. O

Switched B-Event
to I-Event
T I-Event
(Tripod)-mode E-Event
. O

Taking B-Event
Off E-Event
. O

Tap B-NonEvent
Fly I-NonEvent
Flight I-NonEvent
Ended I-NonEvent
Landing I-NonEvent
Gear I-NonEvent
Lowered E-NonEvent
. O

The B-NonEvent
remaining I-NonEvent
battery I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
only I-NonEvent
enough I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
RTH E-NonEvent
. O
Return B-NonEvent
home I-NonEvent
now E-NonEvent
. O

To B-NonEvent
take I-NonEvent
off I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
non-P I-NonEvent
mode, I-NonEvent
toggle I-NonEvent
Flight I-NonEvent
Mode I-NonEvent
Switch I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
another I-NonEvent
mode I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
then I-NonEvent
toggle I-NonEvent
it I-NonEvent
back E-NonEvent
. O

Video B-Event
cache I-Event
has I-Event
stopped I-Event
because I-Event
there I-Event
is I-Event
not I-Event
enough I-Event
storage I-Event
space E-Event
. O
You B-NonEvent
can I-NonEvent
enable I-NonEvent
Auto I-NonEvent
Cache I-NonEvent
Clear I-NonEvent
or I-NonEvent
manually I-NonEvent
delete I-NonEvent
cache I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
get I-NonEvent
enough I-NonEvent
space E-NonEvent
. O

Vision B-Event
sensor I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Contact B-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
assistance E-NonEvent
. O

Vision B-Event
systems I-Event
and I-Event
obstacle I-Event
avoidance I-Event
disabled E-Event
. O

Visual B-Event
positioning I-Event
inaccurate E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Warnin S-NonEvent
. O

Warning: B-Event
Command I-Event
Failed E-Event
. O

Weak B-Event
GPS I-Event
signal E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
in I-Event
Attitude I-Event
mode I-Event
and I-Event
hovering I-Event
may I-Event
be I-Event
unstable E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Yaw B-Event
Error E-Event
. O

Your B-Event
aircraft I-Event
is I-Event
at I-Event
the I-Event
boundary I-Event
of I-Event
an I-Event
Altitude I-Event
Zone E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
fly I-NonEvent
away I-NonEvent
or I-NonEvent
land I-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Your B-Event
palm I-Event
is I-Event
too I-Event
far I-Event
away I-Event
from I-Event
the I-Event
aircraft E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
step I-NonEvent
closer E-NonEvent
. O

