Account B-NonEvent
not I-NonEvent
logged I-NonEvent
in E-NonEvent
. O
Flight B-Event
altitude I-Event
and I-Event
distance I-Event
restricted I-Event
to I-Event
nnn I-Event
and I-Event
nnn E-Event
. O
Check B-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
log I-NonEvent
in E-NonEvent
. O

ActiveTrack B-Event
Flight I-Event
Ended E-Event
: O
Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
entering I-Event
a I-Event
restricted I-Event
area E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-NonEvent
ActiveTrack I-NonEvent
available I-NonEvent
at I-NonEvent
max I-NonEvent
speed E-NonEvent
. O
When B-NonEvent
exceeding I-NonEvent
nnn, I-NonEvent
Obstacle I-NonEvent
Avoidance I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
not I-NonEvent
available E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-NonEvent
ActiveTrack I-NonEvent
max I-NonEvent
speed I-NonEvent
of I-NonEvent
nnn I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
Obstacle I-NonEvent
Avoidance I-NonEvent
functions I-NonEvent
normally E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
entered I-Event
Fixed-Wing I-Event
Mode E-Event
. O
Current B-NonEvent
flight I-NonEvent
speed I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
nnn E-NonEvent
. O
Press B-NonEvent
C2 I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
exit E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
in I-Event
Attitude I-Event
mode E-Event
. O
Unable B-Event
to I-Event
hover E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
in I-Event
high I-Event
interference I-Event
environment E-Event
. O
Manually B-NonEvent
adjust I-NonEvent
flight I-NonEvent
route I-NonEvent
or I-NonEvent
return I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
home E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
in I-Event
Restricted I-Event
Zone E-Event
. O
Unable B-Event
to I-Event
take I-Event
off E-Event
. O
Check B-NonEvent
map I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
find I-NonEvent
Recommended I-NonEvent
Zones E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
close I-Event
to I-Event
the I-Event
Home I-Event
Point E-Event
. O
Initiating B-Event
Return I-Event
to I-Event
Home I-Event
will I-Event
now I-Event
trigger I-Event
Auto I-Event
Landing E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
landing I-Event
due I-Event
to I-Event
low I-Event
voltage, I-Event
which I-Event
cannot I-Event
be I-Event
stopped E-Event
. O
You B-NonEvent
can I-NonEvent
decelerate I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
descending I-NonEvent
speed I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
avoid I-NonEvent
obstacles I-NonEvent
using I-NonEvent
sticks E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
returning I-Event
to I-Event
the I-Event
Home I-Event
Point E-Event
. O
Minimum B-NonEvent
RTH I-NonEvent
Altitude I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
30m E-NonEvent
. O
You B-NonEvent
can I-NonEvent
reset I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
RTH I-NonEvent
Altitude I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
Remote I-NonEvent
Controller I-NonEvent
Settings I-NonEvent
after I-NonEvent
cancelling I-NonEvent
RTH E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
returning I-Event
to I-Event
the I-Event
Home I-Event
Point E-Event
. O
RTH B-NonEvent
Altitude I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
30m E-NonEvent
. O
You B-NonEvent
can I-NonEvent
reset I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
RTH I-NonEvent
Altitude I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
Remote I-NonEvent
Controller I-NonEvent
Settings I-NonEvent
after I-NonEvent
cancelling I-NonEvent
RTH I-NonEvent
if I-NonEvent
necessary E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
returning I-Event
to I-Event
the I-Event
starting I-Event
point E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-Event
processor I-Event
chip I-Event
overheated E-Event
. O
Power B-NonEvent
off I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
wait I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
temperature I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
return I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
normal E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
processor I-Event
overheated E-Event
. O
Automatically B-Event
returning I-Event
to I-Event
home E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-Event
switched I-Event
to I-Event
ATTI I-Event
mode E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-Event
too I-Event
Far E-Event
. O
Cannot B-Event
enter I-Event
Follow I-Event
Me I-Event
Mode E-Event
. O

AirSense B-Event
communication I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Unable B-Event
to I-Event
display I-Event
nearby I-Event
manned I-Event
aircraft I-Event
and I-Event
anti-collision I-Event
warnings E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Altitude B-NonEvent
Zone I-NonEvent
nnn E-NonEvent
. O

API B-Event
Automatic I-Event
Return I-Event
Home E-Event
. O

Approaching B-Event
a I-Event
No-Fly I-Event
Zone E-Event
. O
RTH B-NonEvent
may I-NonEvent
be I-NonEvent
affected E-NonEvent
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

At B-NonEvent
least I-NonEvent
two I-NonEvent
Waypoints I-NonEvent
are I-NonEvent
needed E-NonEvent
. O

Attitude B-Event
is I-Event
too I-Event
large E-Event
. O
Backward B-Event
Obstacle I-Event
Sensing I-Event
is I-Event
not I-Event
functioning E-Event
. O

Auto B-Event
landing I-Event
initiated E-Event
. O

Auxiliary B-Event
Bottom I-Event
Light I-Event
turned I-Event
off E-Event
. O

Backward B-Event
Obstacle I-Event
Sensing I-Event
is I-Event
not I-Event
functioning E-Event
. O

Backward B-Event
Obstacle I-Event
Sensing I-Event
is I-Event
not I-Event
functioning E-Event
. O
Ambient B-Event
Light I-Event
is I-Event
too I-Event
weak E-Event
. O

Battery B-Event
Alert E-Event
. O
Battery B-Event
installation I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
check I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
batteries I-NonEvent
are I-NonEvent
inserted I-NonEvent
correctly E-NonEvent
. O

Battery B-Event
cell I-Event
broken E-Event
, O
please B-NonEvent
replace I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
battery E-NonEvent
. O

Battery B-Event
error E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
returning I-Event
to I-Event
home I-Event
automatically E-Event
. O

Battery B-Event
overheating E-Event
. O
Stop B-NonEvent
flying I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
wait I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
battery I-NonEvent
temperature I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
return I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
normal E-NonEvent
. O

Battery B-Event
power I-Event
limit I-Event
will I-Event
automatically I-Event
reduce I-Event
the I-Event
aircraft's I-Event
mobility I-Event
to I-Event
ensure I-Event
flight I-Event
safety E-Event
. O

Battery B-Event
power I-Event
low E-Event
. O
Check B-NonEvent
battery I-NonEvent
status I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
charge I-NonEvent
or I-NonEvent
warm I-NonEvent
up I-NonEvent
battery E-NonEvent
. O

Battery: B-Event
Low I-Event
Voltage I-Event
Protection E-Event
. O

Camera B-Event
error E-Event
. O
AI B-Event
Spot-Check I-Event
failed E-Event
. O
Restart B-NonEvent
camera E-NonEvent
. O

Camera B-Event
sensor I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Hardware B-Event
malfunction E-Event
: O
Contact B-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
arrange I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
repairs E-NonEvent
. O

Cannot B-Event
change I-Event
current I-Event
flight I-Event
mode E-Event
. O
Enable B-NonEvent
Multiple I-NonEvent
Flight I-NonEvent
Modes I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
Settings I-NonEvent
menu I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
change E-NonEvent
. O

Cannot B-Event
exit I-Event
ActiveTrack E-Event
. O

Cannot B-Event
Identify I-Event
Subject E-Event
. O

Cannot B-Event
start I-Event
Return I-Event
to I-Event
Home I-Event
due I-Event
to I-Event
weak I-Event
GPS I-Event
signal E-Event
. O

Cannot B-Event
switch I-Event
flight I-Event
mode E-Event
. O
Turn B-NonEvent
on I-NonEvent
"Multiple I-NonEvent
Flight I-NonEvent
Modes" I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
enable I-NonEvent
Atti I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
Sport I-NonEvent
Modes E-NonEvent
. O

Cannot B-Event
track I-Event
subject E-Event
: O
No B-NonEvent
image E-NonEvent
. O
Please B-NonEvent
retry E-NonEvent
. O

Cannot B-Event
track I-Event
subject E-Event
: O
Subject B-NonEvent
too I-NonEvent
Large E-NonEvent
. O
Move B-NonEvent
Away I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
retry E-NonEvent
. O

Cannot B-Event
track I-Event
subject E-Event
: O
Subject B-NonEvent
too I-NonEvent
Small E-NonEvent
. O
Get B-NonEvent
Closer I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
retry E-NonEvent
. O

Capture B-Event
Failed E-Event
. O
Insufficient B-NonEvent
storage I-NonEvent
space E-NonEvent
. O
Cannot B-Event
shoot I-Event
panorama E-Event
. O

Command B-Event
Failed E-Event
. O

Compass B-Event
direction I-Event
is I-Event
not I-Event
the I-Event
same I-Event
with I-Event
IMU E-Event
. O

Compass B-Event
error E-Event
, O
calibration B-Event
required E-Event
. O

Compass B-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Compass B-Event
data I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
check I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
Compass I-NonEvent
installation I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
interference E-NonEvent
. O

Compass B-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Compass B-Event
direction I-Event
is I-Event
not I-Event
the I-Event
same I-Event
with I-Event
IMU E-Event
. O

Compass B-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Compass B-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Compass B-Event
data I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
contact I-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support E-NonEvent
. O

Compass B-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Compass B-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Compass B-Event
disconnected E-Event
. O

Compass B-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Compass B-Event
Redundancy I-Event
Switch E-Event
. O

Compass B-Event
Interference E-Event
. O
Temp B-NonEvent
Max I-NonEvent
Altitude I-NonEvent
: I-NonEvent
98ft E-NonEvent
. O

Compass B-Event
Interference E-Event
. O
Temp B-NonEvent
Max I-NonEvent
Altitude: I-NonEvent
nnn E-NonEvent
. O

Critical B-Event
Low I-Event
Battery E-Event
. O

Critical B-Event
low I-Event
battery E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
in I-Event
Auto I-Event
Power I-Event
Off I-Event
Protection E-Event
. O
Forced B-Event
landing I-Event
in I-Event
progress E-Event
. O

Critical B-Event
low I-Event
battery E-Event
. O
Recharge B-NonEvent
promptly E-NonEvent
. O

Critically B-Event
low I-Event
power E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
landing E-Event
. O

Critically B-Event
Low I-Event
Power E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
Landing E-Event
. O
Throttle B-NonEvent
up I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
reduce I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
speed I-NonEvent
of I-NonEvent
descent I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
use I-NonEvent
sticks I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
avoid I-NonEvent
obstacles E-NonEvent
. O

Critically B-Event
Low I-Event
Voltage E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
will I-Event
land E-Event
. O

Current B-NonEvent
elevation I-NonEvent
above I-NonEvent
nnn E-NonEvent
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Data B-Event
Recorder I-Event
File I-Event
Index I-Event
is I-Event
4 E-Event
. O

Data B-Event
Recorder I-Event
File I-Event
Index I-Event
is I-Event
45 E-Event
. O

Data B-Event
Recorder I-Event
File I-Event
Index I-Event
is I-Event
46 E-Event
. O

Data B-Event
Recorder I-Event
File I-Event
Index I-Event
is I-Event
8 E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
data I-Event
connection I-Event
lost I-Event
for I-Event
nnn I-Event
seconds E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
Lost E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
Restored I-Event
(after I-Event
0m I-Event
0.9s) E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
Restored I-Event
(after I-Event
0m I-Event
1.4s) E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
Restored I-Event
(after I-Event
0m I-Event
1.6s) E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
Restored I-Event
(after I-Event
0m I-Event
11.3s) E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
Restored I-Event
(after I-Event
0m I-Event
1s) E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
Restored I-Event
(after I-Event
0m I-Event
2.2s) E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
Restored I-Event
(after I-Event
0m I-Event
5.8s) E-Event
. O

Downward B-Event
ambient I-Event
light I-Event
too I-Event
low E-Event
. O
Obstacle B-NonEvent
avoidance I-NonEvent
unavailable E-NonEvent
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

During B-NonEvent
Smart I-NonEvent
Track, I-NonEvent
you I-NonEvent
can I-NonEvent
control I-NonEvent
lens I-NonEvent
zoom I-NonEvent
within I-NonEvent
a I-NonEvent
certain I-NonEvent
limit E-NonEvent
. O

Error: B-Event
Course I-Event
angle I-Event
control I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
ensure I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
propellers I-NonEvent
are I-NonEvent
installed I-NonEvent
on I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
correct I-NonEvent
motors E-NonEvent
. O

Executing B-Event
waypoint I-Event
mission E-Event
. O

Exited B-Event
Hyperlapse I-Event
mode E-Event
. O

Extra B-Event
payload I-Event
detected E-Event
. O
Max B-Event
altitude I-Event
and I-Event
distance I-Event
set E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Extra B-Event
payload I-Event
detected E-Event
. O
Max B-Event
altitude I-Event
set I-Event
to I-Event
nnn I-Event
and I-Event
max I-Event
distance I-Event
set I-Event
to I-Event
nnn I-Event
to I-Event
ensure I-Event
flight I-Event
safety E-Event
. O

Failed B-Event
to I-Event
cancel I-Event
landing E-Event
. O

Failed B-Event
to I-Event
lower I-Event
or I-Event
pack I-Event
up I-Event
landing I-Event
gear E-Event
. O
Take B-NonEvent
care I-NonEvent
of I-NonEvent
your I-NonEvent
gimbal I-NonEvent
when I-NonEvent
landing E-NonEvent
. O

Flight B-Event
control I-Event
mode I-Event
error E-Event
, O
cannot B-Event
start I-Event
recording I-Event
QuickShot E-Event
. O

Flight B-Event
height I-Event
too I-Event
low E-Event
. O

Forward B-Event
Obstacle I-Event
Sensing I-Event
is I-Event
not I-Event
functioning E-Event
. O

Forward B-Event
Obstacle I-Event
Sensing I-Event
is I-Event
not I-Event
functioning E-Event
. O
Ambient B-Event
Light I-Event
is I-Event
too I-Event
weak E-Event
. O

Forward B-Event
vision I-Event
sensor I-Event
calibration I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Auto B-Event
calibration I-Event
in I-Event
progress E-Event
. O

GEO: B-Event
You I-Event
are I-Event
in I-Event
a I-Event
Warning I-Event
Zone I-Event
(Airport I-Event
Class I-Event
Airspace I-Event
Unpaved I-Event
Airports I-Event
Power I-Event
Plant) E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Gimbal B-Event
calibrating E-Event
. O

Gimbal B-Event
nnn I-Event
roll I-Event
axis I-Event
endpoint I-Event
reached E-Event
. O

Gimbal B-Event
Pitch I-Event
Reached I-Event
Movement I-Event
Limit E-Event
. O

Gimbal B-Event
Yaw I-Event
Limit I-Event
Reached E-Event
. O

GPS B-Event
signal I-Event
weak E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O
Aircraft B-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
Altitude I-NonEvent
Zone E-NonEvent
. O
Max B-Event
altitude I-Event
set I-Event
to I-Event
nnn E-Event
. O

GPS B-Event
signal I-Event
weak E-Event
. O
Positioning B-Event
accuracy I-Event
affected E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

High B-NonEvent
altitude E-NonEvent
. O
Aircraft B-Event
braking I-Event
distance I-Event
increased I-Event
and I-Event
flight I-Event
time I-Event
decreased E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

High B-Event
wind I-Event
velocity E-Event
. O
Ensure B-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
remains I-NonEvent
within I-NonEvent
your I-NonEvent
line I-NonEvent
of I-NonEvent
sight I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
fly I-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O
High B-Event
wind I-Event
velocity E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
land I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
a I-NonEvent
safe I-NonEvent
place I-NonEvent
ASAP E-NonEvent
. O

High B-Event
wind I-Event
velocity E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
land I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
a I-NonEvent
safe I-NonEvent
place I-NonEvent
ASAP E-NonEvent
. O

High B-Event
wind I-Event
velocity E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Home B-Event
Point I-Event
Recorded E-Event
, O
Return-to-Home B-NonEvent
Altitude I-NonEvent
: I-NonEvent
98FT E-NonEvent
. O

IMU B-Event
calibration I-Event
required E-Event
. O
Calibrate B-NonEvent
IMU E-NonEvent
. O

IMU B-Event
not I-Event
calibrated E-Event
. O
Calibrate B-NonEvent
IMU E-NonEvent
. O

IMU B-Event
warming I-Event
up E-Event
. O
Wait B-NonEvent
before I-NonEvent
taking I-NonEvent
off E-NonEvent
. O

In B-NonEvent
Flight E-NonEvent
. O

Incompatible B-Event
firmware I-Event
version E-Event
. O
Go B-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
Profile I-NonEvent
> I-NonEvent
Settings I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
update I-NonEvent
firmware E-NonEvent
. O

Intelligent B-Event
Flight I-Event
Modes I-Event
have I-Event
not I-Event
been I-Event
enabled E-Event
. O
Enable B-NonEvent
this I-NonEvent
option I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
Main I-NonEvent
Controller I-NonEvent
Settings I-NonEvent
if I-NonEvent
needed E-NonEvent
. O

Landing B-Event
Canceled E-Event
. O

Landing B-Event
Gear I-Event
Paused E-Event
. O

Landing B-Event
Protection I-Event
Activated E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
will I-Event
decelerate I-Event
during I-Event
landing E-Event
. O

Large B-Event
Wind I-Event
Velocity E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Locating B-Event
Landing I-Event
Point E-Event
. O

Low B-Event
battery E-Event
. O
Recharge B-NonEvent
promptly E-NonEvent
. O

Low B-Event
power E-Event
, O
please B-NonEvent
replace I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
battery E-NonEvent
. O

Low B-Event
Power E-Event
. O
Returning B-Event
home E-Event
. O

Max B-Event
Altitude I-Event
Approached E-Event
. O
Wait B-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
GPS I-NonEvent
satellite I-NonEvent
signal I-NonEvent
recovery I-NonEvent
before I-NonEvent
ascend E-NonEvent
. O

Maximum B-Event
Flight I-Event
Altitude I-Event
Reached E-Event
. O
Adjust B-NonEvent
altitude I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
MC I-NonEvent
Settings I-NonEvent
if I-NonEvent
required E-NonEvent
. O

Mobile B-Event
device I-Event
CPU I-Event
fully I-Event
loaded E-Event
. O
Related B-Event
performance I-Event
will I-Event
be I-Event
affected E-Event
. O

Motor B-Event
speed I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Land B-NonEvent
or I-NonEvent
return I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
home I-NonEvent
promptly E-NonEvent
. O
After B-NonEvent
powering I-NonEvent
off I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
aircraft, I-NonEvent
replace I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
propeller I-NonEvent
on I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
beeping I-NonEvent
ESC E-NonEvent
. O
If B-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
issue I-NonEvent
persists, I-NonEvent
contact I-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support E-NonEvent
. O

Motor B-Event
stuck E-Event
. O
Check B-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
objects I-NonEvent
blocking I-NonEvent
motor I-NonEvent
or I-NonEvent
contact I-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
assistance I-NonEvent
X E-NonEvent
. O

Motor B-Event
unable I-Event
to I-Event
rotate E-Event
. O
Check B-NonEvent
motor E-NonEvent
. O

No B-Event
SD I-Event
card E-Event
. O
Insert B-NonEvent
card E-NonEvent
. O

Object B-Event
too I-Event
close I-Event
to I-Event
laser I-Event
rangefinder E-Event
. O

Obstacle B-Event
Avoidance I-Event
Disabled E-Event
. O

Precision B-Event
Landing E-Event
. O
Locating B-Event
Landing I-Event
Point E-Event
. O

Precision B-Event
Landing E-Event
. O
Rectifying B-Event
aircraft I-Event
position E-Event
. O

Propeller B-Event
Fell I-Event
Off E-Event
. O

Propeller B-Event
Guard I-Event
Mounted I-Event
Propeller I-Event
Guard I-Event
mounted E-Event
. O
Forward B-Event
Obstacle I-Event
Sensing I-Event
will I-Event
be I-Event
automatically I-Event
switched I-Event
off E-Event
. O

Propulsion B-Event
output I-Event
has I-Event
been I-Event
limited I-Event
to I-Event
ensure I-Event
battery I-Event
health E-Event
. O

Recharge B-NonEvent
promptly E-NonEvent
. O

Remote B-Event
controller I-Event
signal I-Event
lost E-Event
. O

Remote B-Event
controller I-Event
signal I-Event
weak E-Event
. O
Adjust B-NonEvent
remote I-NonEvent
controller I-NonEvent
antennas E-NonEvent
. O

Remote B-Event
ID I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Connect B-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
network I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
obtain I-NonEvent
mobile I-NonEvent
device I-NonEvent
location E-NonEvent
. O
Flying B-NonEvent
without I-NonEvent
broadcasting I-NonEvent
required I-NonEvent
remote I-NonEvent
ID I-NonEvent
messages I-NonEvent
may I-NonEvent
violate I-NonEvent
local I-NonEvent
regulations E-NonEvent
. O

Returning B-Event
to I-Event
the I-Event
Home I-Event
Point E-Event
. O

Return-to-Home B-NonEvent
Altitude I-NonEvent
: I-NonEvent
98FT E-NonEvent
. O

Right B-Event
Dial I-Event
Locked E-Event
. O
Lightly B-NonEvent
press I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
adjust E-NonEvent
. O

RTH B-Event
: I-Event
Ascending I-Event
to I-Event
RTH I-Event
altitude E-Event
. O

RTH B-Event
: I-Event
Cruise E-Event
. O

RTH B-Event
: I-Event
Preascending E-Event
. O

RTK B-Event
Base I-Event
Station I-Event
Data I-Event
Not I-Event
Received E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
make I-NonEvent
sure I-NonEvent
base I-NonEvent
station I-NonEvent
antenna I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
connected I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
correct I-NonEvent
port E-NonEvent
. O

SD B-Event
card I-Event
full E-Event
. O
Change B-Event
card I-Event
or I-Event
delete I-Event
files E-Event
. O

SD B-Event
card I-Event
speed I-Event
low E-Event
. O
Change B-Event
card E-Event
. O

Sensing B-Event
system I-Event
is I-Event
blocked I-Event
or I-Event
too I-Event
close I-Event
to I-Event
the I-Event
obstacle E-Event
. O

Setting B-Event
new I-Event
Maximum I-Event
Flight I-Event
Altitude I-Event
to I-Event
nnn E-Event
. O

Starting B-Event
Smart I-Event
Track E-Event
. O

Strong B-Event
Interference I-Event
Detected E-Event
. O
Be B-NonEvent
careful I-NonEvent
when I-NonEvent
flying I-NonEvent
long I-NonEvent
distances E-NonEvent
. O

Strong B-Event
Interference I-Event
Now E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Strong B-Event
Interference E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Strong B-Event
wind I-Event
warning E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
unable I-Event
to I-Event
return I-Event
to I-Event
home I-Event
automatically E-Event
. O
Lower B-NonEvent
altitude I-NonEvent
immediately I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
return I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
home I-NonEvent
manually E-NonEvent
. O

Strong B-Event
wind E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Switched B-Event
to I-Event
gimbal I-Event
free I-Event
mode E-Event
. O
Use B-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
RC I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
control I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
yaw E-NonEvent
. O

Switched B-Event
to I-Event
P I-Event
(Positioning)-mode E-Event
. O

Switched B-Event
to I-Event
S I-Event
(Sport)-mode E-Event
. O

Tap B-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
screen I-NonEvent
lightly I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
focus E-NonEvent
. O

Tap B-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
screen I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
focus E-NonEvent
. O

Tip: B-NonEvent
Only I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
first I-NonEvent
camera I-NonEvent
can I-NonEvent
tap-zoom I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
dual I-NonEvent
gimbal I-NonEvent
control I-NonEvent
mode E-NonEvent
. O

Vision B-Event
sensor I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Contact B-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
assistance E-NonEvent
. O

Warnin S-NonEvent
. O

Warning: B-Event
Battery I-Event
Temperature I-Event
Below I-Event
15°C I-Event
(59F) E-Event
. O
Warm B-NonEvent
battery I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
above I-NonEvent
25°C I-NonEvent
(77F) I-NonEvent
before I-NonEvent
flying E-NonEvent
. O

Warning: B-Event
Command I-Event
Timeout E-Event
. O

Warning: B-Event
Critically I-Event
low I-Event
battery E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
change I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
battery E-NonEvent
. O

Warning: B-Event
Max I-Event
Flight I-Event
Altitude I-Event
Reached E-Event
. O
Adjust B-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
Main I-NonEvent
Controller I-NonEvent
Settings I-NonEvent
if I-NonEvent
necessary E-NonEvent
. O

Warning: B-Event
Motor I-Event
Obstructed E-Event
. O

Warning: B-Event
Motor I-Event
Overloaded E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-NonEvent
will I-NonEvent
decelerate I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
ensure I-NonEvent
safety E-NonEvent
. O

Waypoint B-Event
Mission I-Event
Resumed E-Event
. O

Waypoint B-Event
Mission I-Event
Start E-Event
. O

Weak B-Event
GPS I-Event
signal E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
in I-Event
Attitude I-Event
mode I-Event
and I-Event
hovering I-Event
may I-Event
be I-Event
unstable E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Weak B-Event
signal E-Event
. O
Avoid B-NonEvent
blocking I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
antennas I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
keep I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
antennas I-NonEvent
parallel I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
facing I-NonEvent
toward I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
during I-NonEvent
flight E-NonEvent
. O

Weak B-Event
signal E-Event
. O
Avoid B-NonEvent
blocking I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
antennas I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
keep I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
antennas I-NonEvent
parallel I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
facing I-NonEvent
toward I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
during I-NonEvent
flight E-NonEvent
. O
Downlink B-Event
Lost E-Event
. O

Weak B-Event
signal E-Event
. O
Make B-NonEvent
sure I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
remote I-NonEvent
controller I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
facing I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
avoid I-NonEvent
blocking I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
signal E-NonEvent
. O

Your B-Event
aircraft I-Event
has I-Event
entered I-Event
a I-Event
Warning I-Event
Zone I-Event
(Class I-Event
D) E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
fly I-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Your B-Event
palm I-Event
is I-Event
too I-Event
close I-Event
to I-Event
the I-Event
aircraft E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
step I-NonEvent
farther I-NonEvent
away E-NonEvent
. O

