ActiveTrack B-Event
Flight I-Event
Ended E-Event
: O
Control B-Event
Signal I-Event
Timeout I-Event
(RC) E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-NonEvent
ActiveTrack I-NonEvent
max I-NonEvent
speed I-NonEvent
of I-NonEvent
nnn I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
Obstacle I-NonEvent
Avoidance I-NonEvent
functions I-NonEvent
normally E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
antenna I-Event
satellite I-Event
signal I-Event
searching I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-NonEvent
approaching I-NonEvent
obstacle I-NonEvent
sensing I-NonEvent
blind I-NonEvent
spot I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
may I-NonEvent
be I-NonEvent
unable I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
detect I-NonEvent
obstacles E-NonEvent
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
battery I-Event
level I-Event
low E-Event
. O
Return B-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
home I-NonEvent
promptly E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
flight I-Event
control I-Event
locked E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-Event
GPS I-Event
signal I-Event
too I-Event
weak E-Event
. O
Home B-Event
Point I-Event
not I-Event
updated E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-Event
in I-Event
Authorization I-Event
Zone E-Event
. O
Unable B-Event
to I-Event
take I-Event
off I-Event
before I-Event
unlocking E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
close I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
Home I-NonEvent
Point E-NonEvent
. O
Return-to-Home B-Event
Mode I-Event
is I-Event
now I-Event
Auto I-Event
Landing I-Event
Mode E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
close I-Event
to I-Event
the I-Event
Home I-Event
Point E-Event
. O
Initiating B-Event
Return I-Event
to I-Event
Home I-Event
will I-Event
now I-Event
trigger I-Event
Auto I-Event
Landing E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
entering I-Event
a I-Event
restricted I-Event
area E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
flying I-Event
back I-Event
to I-Event
the I-Event
start I-Event
point E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
Tripod I-NonEvent
Mode E-NonEvent
. O
Exit B-NonEvent
this I-NonEvent
mode I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
try I-NonEvent
again E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
returning I-Event
to I-Event
the I-Event
Home I-Event
Point E-Event
. O
RTH B-NonEvent
Altitude I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
30m E-NonEvent
. O
You B-NonEvent
can I-NonEvent
reset I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
RTH I-NonEvent
Altitude I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
Remote I-NonEvent
Controller I-NonEvent
Settings I-NonEvent
after I-NonEvent
cancelling I-NonEvent
RTH I-NonEvent
if I-NonEvent
necessary E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-NonEvent
not I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
flight E-NonEvent
. O
Vision B-NonEvent
system I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
obstacle I-NonEvent
sensing I-NonEvent
unavailable E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
out I-Event
of I-Event
Range E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-Event
power I-Event
insufficient E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Aircraft B-Event
processor I-Event
overheated E-Event
. O
Automatically B-Event
returning I-Event
to I-Event
home E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-Event
too I-Event
Far E-Event
. O
Cannot B-Event
enter I-Event
Follow I-Event
Me I-Event
Mode E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-Event
will I-Event
automatically I-Event
descend I-Event
in I-Event
nnn E-Event
. O

Aircraft B-NonEvent
will I-NonEvent
not I-NonEvent
enter I-NonEvent
S-mode I-NonEvent
if I-NonEvent
powered I-NonEvent
on I-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
remote I-NonEvent
controller I-NonEvent
set I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
S-mode E-NonEvent
. O
Please B-NonEvent
switch I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
Normal I-NonEvent
mode, I-NonEvent
then I-NonEvent
back I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
S-mode I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
enable I-NonEvent
it E-NonEvent
. O

AirSense B-Event
communication I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Unable B-Event
to I-Event
display I-Event
nearby I-Event
manned I-Event
aircraft I-Event
and I-Event
anti-collision I-Event
warnings E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Altitude B-NonEvent
Less I-NonEvent
than I-NonEvent
nnn E-NonEvent
. O
Cannot B-Event
enable I-Event
Follow I-Event
Me I-Event
Mode E-Event
. O

Ambient B-Event
Light I-Event
too I-Event
Weak E-Event
, O
Forward B-NonEvent
obstacle I-NonEvent
sensing I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
unavailable E-NonEvent
. O
please B-NonEvent
ensure I-NonEvent
safety I-NonEvent
during I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
flight E-NonEvent
. O

Ambient B-Event
Light I-Event
too I-Event
Weak E-Event
, O
Vision B-NonEvent
Positioning I-NonEvent
obstacle I-NonEvent
sensing I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
unavailable E-NonEvent
. O
please B-NonEvent
ensure I-NonEvent
safety I-NonEvent
during I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
flight E-NonEvent
. O

API B-Event
Automatic I-Event
Takeoff E-Event
. O

Approaching B-Event
NFZ I-Event
or I-Event
pre-set I-Event
distance I-Event
limit I-Event
of I-Event
(nnn) E-Event
. O
Revise B-NonEvent
Flight I-NonEvent
Route E-NonEvent
. O

Arrived B-Event
at I-Event
destination E-Event
. O

At B-NonEvent
least I-NonEvent
two I-NonEvent
Waypoints I-NonEvent
are I-NonEvent
needed E-NonEvent
. O

Attitude B-Event
is I-Event
too I-Event
large E-Event
. O
Backward B-Event
obstacle I-Event
sensing I-Event
is I-Event
unavailable E-Event
. O

Attitude B-Event
is I-Event
too I-Event
large E-Event
. O
Forward B-Event
obstacle I-Event
sensing I-Event
is I-Event
unavailable E-Event
. O

Auto B-Event
Landing I-Event
in I-Event
nnn(s) E-Event
. O

Auto B-Event
landing I-Event
initiated E-Event
. O

Backward B-Event
Obstacle I-Event
Sensing I-Event
is I-Event
not I-Event
functioning E-Event
. O

Backward B-Event
sensor(s) I-Event
blocked E-Event
. O
Obstacle B-NonEvent
avoidance I-NonEvent
unavailable E-NonEvent
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Battery B-Event
cell I-Event
broken E-Event
, O
please B-NonEvent
replace I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
battery E-NonEvent
. O

Battery B-Event
error E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
returning I-Event
to I-Event
home I-Event
automatically E-Event
. O

Battery B-Event
installed I-Event
incorrectly E-Event
. O
Detach B-NonEvent
battery I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
reinstall I-NonEvent
it E-NonEvent
. O

Battery B-Event
level I-Event
low E-Event
. O
Charge B-Event
battery E-Event
. O

Battery B-Event
Signal I-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Check B-NonEvent
battery I-NonEvent
connection E-NonEvent
. O

Battery: B-Event
Connection I-Event
Error E-Event
. O

Battery: B-Event
Low I-Event
Voltage I-Event
Protection E-Event
. O

Calibration B-Event
subject I-Event
is I-Event
too I-Event
close E-Event
. O
Recalibrate B-NonEvent
using I-NonEvent
a I-NonEvent
subject I-NonEvent
that I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
farther I-NonEvent
away E-NonEvent
. O

Calibration B-Event
target I-Event
not I-Event
far I-Event
away I-Event
enough E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
calibrate I-NonEvent
using I-NonEvent
infinity E-NonEvent
. O

Camera B-Event
error E-Event
. O
AI B-Event
Spot-Check I-Event
failed E-Event
. O
Restart B-NonEvent
camera E-NonEvent
. O

Camera B-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Solution: B-NonEvent
Restart I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
aircraft, I-NonEvent
if I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
problem I-NonEvent
persists, I-NonEvent
contact I-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support E-NonEvent
. O

Camera B-Event
sensor I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Hardware B-Event
malfunction E-Event
: O
Contact B-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
arrange I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
repairs E-NonEvent
. O

Camera B-Event
Settings I-Event
ActiveTrack I-Event
Optimized E-Event
. O

Cannot B-Event
enter I-Event
ActiveTrack E-Event
. O
Ambient B-Event
Light I-Event
is I-Event
too I-Event
weak E-Event
. O

Cannot B-Event
Enter I-Event
TapFly I-Event
Cannot I-Event
fly I-Event
in I-Event
that I-Event
direction E-Event
. O

Cannot B-Event
Takeoff I-Event
in I-Event
Travel I-Event
Mode E-Event
. O
Exit B-NonEvent
Travel I-NonEvent
Mode E-NonEvent
. O

Cannot B-Event
track I-Event
subject E-Event
: O
Subject B-NonEvent
too I-NonEvent
Large E-NonEvent
. O
Move B-NonEvent
Away I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
retry E-NonEvent
. O

Capture B-Event
Failed E-Event
. O
Stick B-Event
movement I-Event
detected E-Event
. O
Panorama B-Event
has I-Event
stopped E-Event
. O

Check B-NonEvent
whether I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
propellers I-NonEvent
are I-NonEvent
attached I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
correct I-NonEvent
motors I-NonEvent
based I-NonEvent
on I-NonEvent
their I-NonEvent
markings E-NonEvent
. O
Incorrect B-NonEvent
installation I-NonEvent
will I-NonEvent
cause I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
roll I-NonEvent
over I-NonEvent
during I-NonEvent
takeoff E-NonEvent
. O

Compass B-Event
direction I-Event
is I-Event
not I-Event
the I-Event
same I-Event
with I-Event
IMU E-Event
. O

Compass B-Event
Error E-Event
. O
Compass B-Event
data I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
contact I-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support E-NonEvent
. O
Compass B-Event
disconnected E-Event
. O

Compass B-Event
Interference E-Event
. O
Temp B-NonEvent
Max I-NonEvent
Altitude I-NonEvent
: I-NonEvent
98ft E-NonEvent
. O

Critical B-Event
low I-Event
battery E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
in I-Event
Auto I-Event
Power I-Event
Off I-Event
Protection E-Event
. O
Forced B-Event
landing I-Event
in I-Event
progress E-Event
. O

Critical B-Event
low I-Event
battery E-Event
. O
Unable B-Event
to I-Event
take I-Event
off E-Event
. O
Recharge B-NonEvent
promptly E-NonEvent
. O

Critically B-Event
low I-Event
power E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
landing E-Event
. O

Critically B-Event
Low I-Event
Power E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
Landing E-Event
. O

Critically B-Event
Low I-Event
Voltage I-Event
Warning E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
will I-Event
be I-Event
forced I-Event
to I-Event
land E-Event
. O

Critically B-Event
Low I-Event
Voltage I-Event
Warning E-Event
. O
Land B-NonEvent
as I-NonEvent
soon I-NonEvent
as I-NonEvent
possible, I-NonEvent
otherwise I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
battery I-NonEvent
will I-NonEvent
be I-NonEvent
damaged E-NonEvent
. O

Data B-Event
Recorder I-Event
File I-Event
Index I-Event
is I-Event
12 E-Event
. O

Data B-Event
Recorder I-Event
File I-Event
Index I-Event
is I-Event
21 E-Event
. O

Data B-Event
Recorder I-Event
File I-Event
Index I-Event
is I-Event
30 E-Event
. O

Data B-Event
Recorder I-Event
File I-Event
Index I-Event
is I-Event
45 E-Event
. O

Descendin S-Event
. O
Exited B-Event
Visual I-Event
Avoidance I-Event
System E-Event
. O

Distance B-Event
limit I-Event
enabled E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
safely E-NonEvent
. O

Downlink B-Event
data I-Event
connection I-Event
lost I-Event
for I-Event
nnn I-Event
seconds E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
Restored I-Event
(after I-Event
0m I-Event
0.9s) E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
Restored I-Event
(after I-Event
0m I-Event
1.1s) E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
Restored I-Event
(after I-Event
0m I-Event
1.2s) E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
Restored I-Event
(after I-Event
0m I-Event
1.4s) E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
Restored I-Event
(after I-Event
0m I-Event
1.7s) E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
Restored I-Event
(after I-Event
0m I-Event
11.3s) E-Event
. O

Downlink B-Event
Restored I-Event
(after I-Event
0m I-Event
2.9s) E-Event
. O

Downward B-Event
infrared I-Event
sensor I-Event
failure E-Event
. O
Land B-Event
as I-Event
soon I-Event
as I-Event
possible E-Event
. O

Downward B-Event
sensor I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
unstable I-Event
at I-Event
low I-Event
altitude E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
fly I-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Drone B-Event
is I-Event
Vibrating E-Event
. O

During B-NonEvent
Smart I-NonEvent
Track, I-NonEvent
you I-NonEvent
can I-NonEvent
control I-NonEvent
lens I-NonEvent
zoom I-NonEvent
within I-NonEvent
a I-NonEvent
certain I-NonEvent
limit E-NonEvent
. O

Entered B-Event
Cruise I-Event
Control I-Event
mode E-Event
. O
Press B-NonEvent
C1 I-NonEvent
or I-NonEvent
C2 I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
exit E-NonEvent
. O

Extended B-Event
flight I-Event
distance I-Event
detected E-Event
. O
Always B-NonEvent
maintain I-NonEvent
visual I-NonEvent
line I-NonEvent
of I-NonEvent
sight I-NonEvent
unless I-NonEvent
otherwise I-NonEvent
authorized E-NonEvent
. O

Extra B-Event
payload I-Event
detected E-Event
. O
Max B-Event
altitude I-Event
and I-Event
distance I-Event
set E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Extra B-Event
payload I-Event
detected E-Event
. O
Max B-Event
altitude I-Event
set I-Event
to I-Event
nnn I-Event
and I-Event
max I-Event
distance I-Event
set I-Event
to I-Event
nnn I-Event
to I-Event
ensure I-Event
flight I-Event
safety E-Event
. O

Failed B-Event
to I-Event
take I-Event
off E-Event
. O
Check B-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
USB I-NonEvent
connection I-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
aircraft E-NonEvent
. O
Contact B-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support I-NonEvent
if I-NonEvent
this I-NonEvent
error I-NonEvent
persists I-NonEvent
after I-NonEvent
restarting E-NonEvent
. O

File B-Event
system I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Change B-NonEvent
SD I-NonEvent
card E-NonEvent
. O

Flight B-Event
altitude I-Event
exceeds I-Event
nnn E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-NonEvent
may I-NonEvent
be I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
violation I-NonEvent
of I-NonEvent
local I-NonEvent
laws I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
regulations E-NonEvent
. O
Check B-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
make I-NonEvent
sure I-NonEvent
you I-NonEvent
have I-NonEvent
obtained I-NonEvent
proper I-NonEvent
authorization I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
fly I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
this I-NonEvent
airspace E-NonEvent
. O

Flight B-Event
Mode I-Event
Set I-Event
to I-Event
Attitude E-Event
. O

GEO B-Event
Zone I-Event
Info: I-Event
The I-Event
target I-Event
area I-Event
is I-Event
in I-Event
an I-Event
Altitude I-Event
Zone E-Event
. O
Flight B-Event
altitude I-Event
restricted I-Event
to I-Event
nnn E-Event
. O

Gimbal B-Event
nnn I-Event
pan I-Event
axis I-Event
endpoint I-Event
reached E-Event
. O

GPS B-Event
Position I-Event
Mismatch E-Event
. O

GPS B-Event
signal I-Event
weak E-Event
. O
Hovering B-Event
unstable E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

High B-Event
wind I-Event
velocity E-Event
. O
Ensure B-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
remains I-NonEvent
within I-NonEvent
your I-NonEvent
line I-NonEvent
of I-NonEvent
sight I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
fly I-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

High B-Event
wind I-Event
velocity E-Event
. O
Ensure B-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
remains I-NonEvent
within I-NonEvent
your I-NonEvent
line I-NonEvent
of I-NonEvent
sight I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
fly I-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O
Downlink B-Event
Lost E-Event
. O

Image B-Event
Transmission I-Event
Recovered E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
is I-Event
returning I-Event
home E-Event
. O

Image B-Event
transmission I-Event
signal I-Event
lost E-Event
. O

IMU B-Event
calibration I-Event
required E-Event
. O
Calibrate B-NonEvent
IMU E-NonEvent
. O

IMU B-Event
not I-Event
calibrated E-Event
. O
Calibrate B-NonEvent
IMU E-NonEvent
. O

In B-NonEvent
Flight E-NonEvent
. O

Incompatible B-Event
firmware I-Event
version E-Event
. O
Go B-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
Profile I-NonEvent
> I-NonEvent
Settings I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
update I-NonEvent
firmware E-NonEvent
. O

Insufficient B-Event
SD I-Event
card I-Event
space E-Event
. O
Change B-NonEvent
card I-NonEvent
or I-NonEvent
delete I-NonEvent
files E-NonEvent
. O

Intelligent B-Event
Flight I-Event
Modes I-Event
have I-Event
not I-Event
been I-Event
enabled E-Event
. O
Enable B-NonEvent
this I-NonEvent
option I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
Main I-NonEvent
Controller I-NonEvent
Settings I-NonEvent
if I-NonEvent
needed E-NonEvent
. O

Landing B-Event
Canceled E-Event
. O

Landing B-Event
Gear I-Event
Lowered E-Event
. O

Landing B-Event
gear I-Event
lowered E-Event
. O
Obstacle B-Event
Avoidance I-Event
has I-Event
been I-Event
disabled E-Event
. O

Landing B-Event
Gear I-Event
Lowering E-Event
. O

Landin S-Event
. O

Large B-Event
Wind I-Event
Velocity E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Lighting B-Event
environment I-Event
too I-Event
dark E-Event
. O
Vision B-NonEvent
System I-NonEvent
unavailable E-NonEvent
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Locating B-Event
Landing I-Event
Point E-Event
. O

Low B-Event
battery E-Event
. O
Recharge B-NonEvent
promptly E-NonEvent
. O

Low B-Event
Power E-Event
. O
Returning B-Event
home E-Event
. O

Manned B-Event
aircraft I-Event
approaching E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
at I-NonEvent
a I-NonEvent
safe I-NonEvent
altitude E-NonEvent
. O

Manned B-Event
aircraft I-Event
detected I-Event
nearby E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Max B-Event
Altitude I-Event
Approached E-Event
. O
Wait B-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
GPS I-NonEvent
satellite I-NonEvent
signal I-NonEvent
recovery I-NonEvent
before I-NonEvent
ascend E-NonEvent
. O

Motor B-Event
idle E-Event
. O
Check B-NonEvent
whether I-NonEvent
propellers I-NonEvent
are I-NonEvent
installed E-NonEvent
. O

Motor B-Event
is I-Event
Blocked E-Event
. O
Motor B-Event
stuck E-Event
. O
Check B-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
objects I-NonEvent
blocking I-NonEvent
motor I-NonEvent
or I-NonEvent
contact I-NonEvent
DJI I-NonEvent
Support I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
assistance E-NonEvent
. O

Motor B-Event
nnn I-Event
stalled E-Event
. O
Land B-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
immediately E-NonEvent
. O

Motor B-Event
unable I-Event
to I-Event
rotate E-Event
. O
Check B-NonEvent
motor E-NonEvent
. O

Navigation B-Event
system I-Event
error E-Event
. O
Restart B-NonEvent
aircraft E-NonEvent
. O

No B-Event
GPS I-Event
signal E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
unable I-Event
to I-Event
hover E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

No B-Event
GPS I-Event
signal E-Event
. O
Unable B-Event
to I-Event
hover E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Obstacle B-Event
Avoidance I-Event
disabled E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Obstacle B-Event
Avoided E-Event
. O
Revise B-Event
Flight I-Event
Route E-Event
. O

Pano B-Event
shooting I-Event
completed E-Event
. O
The B-NonEvent
sky I-NonEvent
part I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
filled I-NonEvent
automatically E-NonEvent
. O

Payload B-Event
mode I-Event
enabled E-Event
. O
Max B-Event
altitude I-Event
set I-Event
to I-Event
nnn I-Event
and I-Event
max I-Event
distance I-Event
set I-Event
to I-Event
nnn E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
a I-NonEvent
wind-free I-NonEvent
environment I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
ensure I-NonEvent
flight I-NonEvent
safety E-NonEvent
. O

Payload B-Event
mode I-Event
enabled E-Event
. O
Return B-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
an I-NonEvent
area I-NonEvent
nearby I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
home I-NonEvent
point I-NonEvent
promptly I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
ensure I-NonEvent
flight I-NonEvent
safety E-NonEvent
. O

Precision B-Event
Landing E-Event
. O

Precision B-Event
Landing E-Event
. O
Locating B-Event
Landing I-Event
Point E-Event
. O

Propeller B-Event
Fell I-Event
Off E-Event
. O

Propulsion B-Event
output I-Event
has I-Event
been I-Event
limited I-Event
to I-Event
ensure I-Event
battery I-Event
health E-Event
. O

Recharge B-NonEvent
promptly E-NonEvent
. O

Rectifying B-Event
aircraft I-Event
position E-Event
. O

Remote B-Event
controller I-Event
assisted I-Event
takeoff I-Event
initiated E-Event
. O

Remote B-Event
controller I-Event
in I-Event
high I-Event
interference I-Event
environment E-Event
. O
Manually B-NonEvent
adjust I-NonEvent
flight I-NonEvent
route I-NonEvent
or I-NonEvent
return I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
home E-NonEvent
. O

Remote B-Event
controller I-Event
signal I-Event
lost E-Event
. O

Remote B-Event
controller I-Event
signal I-Event
weak E-Event
. O
Adjust B-NonEvent
remote I-NonEvent
controller I-NonEvent
antennas E-NonEvent
. O

Remote B-Event
ID I-Event
functionality I-Event
normal E-Event
. O

Return-to-Home B-NonEvent
Altitude I-NonEvent
: I-NonEvent
98FT E-NonEvent
. O

RTH B-Event
: I-Event
Ascending I-Event
to I-Event
RTH I-Event
altitude E-Event
. O

RTH B-Event
altitude I-Event
adjusted I-Event
to I-Event
nnn E-Event
. O

SD B-Event
card I-Event
write I-Event
speed I-Event
is I-Event
too I-Event
slow E-Event
. O
Not B-NonEvent
suitable I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
shooting I-NonEvent
a I-NonEvent
4K I-NonEvent
video E-NonEvent
. O

Setting B-Event
new I-Event
Maximum I-Event
Flight I-Event
Altitude I-Event
to I-Event
nnn E-Event
. O

Signal B-Event
Lost E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
returning I-Event
to I-Event
Home I-Event
Point E-Event
. O

Sprayer B-Event
turned I-Event
ON E-Event
. O

Strong B-Event
Aircraft I-Event
Interference E-Event
. O

Strong B-Event
Interference I-Event
Now E-Event
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Strong B-Event
Interference I-Event
to I-Event
Aircraft E-Event
. O
Signal B-NonEvent
interruption I-NonEvent
may I-NonEvent
be I-NonEvent
more I-NonEvent
likely E-NonEvent
. O
Fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Strong B-Event
Remote I-Event
Controller I-Event
Interference E-Event
. O

Strong B-Event
wind I-Event
warning E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
unable I-Event
to I-Event
fly I-Event
stably E-Event
. O
Lower B-NonEvent
altitude I-NonEvent
immediately I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
manually I-NonEvent
return I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
home E-NonEvent
. O

Strong B-Event
wind I-Event
warning E-Event
. O
Aircraft B-Event
unable I-Event
to I-Event
return I-Event
to I-Event
home I-Event
automatically E-Event
. O
Lower B-NonEvent
altitude I-NonEvent
immediately I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
return I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
home I-NonEvent
manually E-NonEvent
. O

Strong B-Event
wireless I-Event
interference E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
fly I-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Switched B-Event
to I-Event
gimbal I-Event
free I-Event
mode E-Event
. O
Use B-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
RC I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
control I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
yaw E-NonEvent
. O

Take B-Event
off I-Event
in I-Event
P-Mode E-Event
. O

Tap B-NonEvent
Fly I-NonEvent
Flight I-NonEvent
Ended I-NonEvent
Landing I-NonEvent
Gear I-NonEvent
Lowered E-NonEvent
. O

Tap B-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
choose I-NonEvent
a I-NonEvent
valid I-NonEvent
zone E-NonEvent
. O

The B-Event
aircraft I-Event
is I-Event
flying I-Event
back I-Event
to I-Event
the I-Event
start I-Event
point E-Event
. O

Unable B-Event
to I-Event
take I-Event
off I-Event
in I-Event
low I-Event
light I-Event
environment E-Event
. O
Ensure B-NonEvent
there I-NonEvent
are I-NonEvent
no I-NonEvent
metal I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
magnetic I-NonEvent
objects I-NonEvent
near I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
calibrate I-NonEvent
compass E-NonEvent
. O

Upward B-Event
Obstacle I-Event
Detected E-Event
. O

Warnin S-NonEvent
. O

Warning: B-Event
Battery I-Event
Temperature I-Event
Below I-Event
15°C I-Event
(59F) E-Event
. O
Warm B-NonEvent
battery I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
above I-NonEvent
25°C I-NonEvent
(77F) I-NonEvent
before I-NonEvent
flying E-NonEvent
. O

Warning: B-Event
Command I-Event
Failed E-Event
. O

Warning: B-Event
Motor I-Event
Obstructed E-Event
. O

Waypoint B-Event
Mission I-Event
Paused E-Event
. O

Waypoint B-Event
Mission I-Event
Start E-Event
. O

Weak B-Event
signal E-Event
. O
Adjust B-NonEvent
antenna I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
avoid I-NonEvent
signal I-NonEvent
block E-NonEvent
. O

Weak B-Event
signal E-Event
. O
Avoid B-NonEvent
blocking I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
antennas I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
keep I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
antennas I-NonEvent
parallel I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
facing I-NonEvent
toward I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
during I-NonEvent
flight E-NonEvent
. O
Downlink B-Event
Lost E-Event
. O

Weak B-Event
signal E-Event
. O
Make B-NonEvent
sure I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
remote I-NonEvent
controller I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
facing I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
avoid I-NonEvent
blocking I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
signal E-NonEvent
. O

Yaw B-Event
Error E-Event
. O

Your B-Event
aircraft I-Event
has I-Event
entered I-Event
a I-Event
Warning I-Event
Zone I-Event
(Class I-Event
D) E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
fly I-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

Your B-Event
palm I-Event
is I-Event
too I-Event
close I-Event
to I-Event
the I-Event
aircraft E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
step I-NonEvent
farther I-NonEvent
away E-NonEvent
. O

Your B-Event
palm I-Event
is I-Event
too I-Event
far I-Event
away I-Event
from I-Event
the I-Event
aircraft E-Event
. O
Please B-NonEvent
step I-NonEvent
closer E-NonEvent
. O

