satellite B-Event
positioning I-Event
off E-Event
fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

remote B-Event
controller I-Event
in I-Event
high I-Event
interference I-Event
environment E-Event
manually B-NonEvent
adjust I-NonEvent
flight I-NonEvent
route I-NonEvent
or I-NonEvent
return I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
home E-NonEvent
. O

failed B-Event
to I-Event
lower I-Event
or I-Event
pack I-Event
up I-Event
landing I-Event
gear E-Event
take B-NonEvent
care I-NonEvent
of I-NonEvent
your I-NonEvent
gimbal I-NonEvent
when I-NonEvent
landing E-NonEvent
. O

strong B-Event
interference I-Event
now E-Event
fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

altitude B-NonEvent
less I-NonEvent
than I-NonEvent
nnn E-NonEvent
cannot B-Event
enable I-Event
follow I-Event
me I-Event
mode E-Event
. O

aircraft B-Event
processor I-Event
chip I-Event
overheated E-Event
power B-NonEvent
off I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
wait I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
temperature I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
return I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
normal E-NonEvent
. O

downward B-Event
vision I-Event
sensor I-Event
error E-Event
contact B-NonEvent
dji I-NonEvent
support I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
assistance E-NonEvent
. O

weak B-Event
signal E-Event
adjust B-NonEvent
antennas E-NonEvent
. O

critical B-Event
low I-Event
battery E-Event
return B-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
home I-NonEvent
or I-NonEvent
land I-NonEvent
promptly E-NonEvent
. O

large B-Event
wind I-Event
velocity E-Event
fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

remote B-Event
controller I-Event
signal I-Event
weak E-Event
adjust B-NonEvent
remote I-NonEvent
controller I-NonEvent
antennas E-NonEvent
. O

max B-Event
altitude I-Event
approached E-Event
wait B-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
gps I-NonEvent
satellite I-NonEvent
signal I-NonEvent
recovery I-NonEvent
before I-NonEvent
ascend E-NonEvent
. O

camera B-Event
sensor I-Event
error E-Event
hardware B-Event
malfunction E-Event
contact B-NonEvent
dji I-NonEvent
support I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
arrange I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
repairs E-NonEvent
. O

gps B-Event
module I-Event
error E-Event
restart B-NonEvent
aircraft E-NonEvent
. O

imu B-Event
calibration I-Event
required E-Event
calibrate B-NonEvent
imu E-NonEvent
. O

extended B-Event
flight I-Event
distance I-Event
detected E-Event
always B-NonEvent
maintain I-NonEvent
visual I-NonEvent
line I-NonEvent
of I-NonEvent
sight I-NonEvent
unless I-NonEvent
otherwise I-NonEvent
authorized E-NonEvent
. O

strong B-Event
interference I-Event
detected E-Event
be B-NonEvent
careful I-NonEvent
when I-NonEvent
flying I-NonEvent
long I-NonEvent
distances E-NonEvent
. O

compass B-Event
interference E-Event
temp B-NonEvent
max I-NonEvent
altitude I-NonEvent
98ft E-NonEvent
. O

GEO: B-Event
you I-Event
are I-Event
in I-Event
a I-Event
warning I-Event
zone I-Event
(Airport I-Event
class I-Event
airspace I-Event
unpaved I-Event
airports I-Event
power I-Event
Plant) E-Event
fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

compass B-Event
interference E-Event
please B-NonEvent
move I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
away I-NonEvent
from I-NonEvent
potential I-NonEvent
interference I-NonEvent
source I-NonEvent
or I-NonEvent
calibrate I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
compass E-NonEvent
. O

aircraft B-Event
antenna I-Event
satellite I-Event
signal I-Event
searching I-Event
error E-Event
fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

incompatible B-Event
firmware I-Event
version E-Event
go B-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
profile I-NonEvent
> I-NonEvent
settings I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
update I-NonEvent
firmware E-NonEvent
. O

aircraft B-Event
in I-Event
restricted I-Event
zones E-Event
check B-NonEvent
map I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
find I-NonEvent
recommended I-NonEvent
zones E-NonEvent
. O

running B-Event
flight I-Event
simulator E-Event
restart B-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
take I-NonEvent
off E-NonEvent
. O

gyroscope B-Event
initialization I-Event
failed E-Event
restart B-NonEvent
aircraft E-NonEvent
. O

your B-Event
aircraft I-Event
is I-Event
at I-Event
the I-Event
boundary I-Event
of I-Event
an I-Event
altitude I-Event
zone E-Event
please B-NonEvent
fly I-NonEvent
away I-NonEvent
or I-NonEvent
land I-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

unknown B-Event
error E-Event
cannot B-Event
takeoff E-Event
contact B-NonEvent
dji I-NonEvent
support E-NonEvent
. O

obstacle B-Event
sensing I-Event
will I-Event
be I-Event
disabled I-Event
when I-Event
aircraft I-Event
is I-Event
landing E-Event
fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

extra B-Event
payload I-Event
detected E-Event
return B-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
an I-NonEvent
area I-NonEvent
nearby I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
home I-NonEvent
point I-NonEvent
promptly I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
fly I-NonEvent
in I-NonEvent
a I-NonEvent
wind-free I-NonEvent
environment I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
ensure I-NonEvent
flight I-NonEvent
safety E-NonEvent
. O

crystalsky B-Event
is I-Event
too I-Event
hot E-Event
cool B-NonEvent
down I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
monitor I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
prevent I-NonEvent
overheating E-NonEvent
. O

battery B-Event
overheating E-Event
stop B-NonEvent
flying I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
wait I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
battery I-NonEvent
temperature I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
return I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
normal E-NonEvent
. O

aircraft B-Event
power I-Event
insufficient E-Event
fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

rth B-NonEvent
altitude I-NonEvent
98FT E-NonEvent
data B-Event
recorder I-Event
file I-Event
index I-Event
is I-Event
1 E-Event
. O

high B-Event
wind I-Event
velocity E-Event
fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

battery B-Event
installed I-Event
incorrectly E-Event
detach B-NonEvent
battery I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
reinstall I-NonEvent
it E-NonEvent
. O

compass B-Event
data I-Event
error E-Event
please B-NonEvent
contact I-NonEvent
dji I-NonEvent
support E-NonEvent
. O

aircraft B-Event
takeoff I-Event
altitude I-Event
error E-Event
restart B-NonEvent
aircraft E-NonEvent
. O

vision B-Event
sensor(s) I-Event
blocked E-Event
fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

aircraft B-Event
unable I-Event
to I-Event
return I-Event
to I-Event
home I-Event
automatically E-Event
lower B-NonEvent
altitude I-NonEvent
immediately I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
return I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
home I-NonEvent
manually E-NonEvent
. O

critical B-Event
low I-Event
battery E-Event
recharge B-NonEvent
promptly E-NonEvent
. O

visual B-Event
positioning I-Event
inaccurate E-Event
fly B-NonEvent
with I-NonEvent
caution E-NonEvent
. O

imu B-Event
attitude I-Event
restricted E-Event
ensure B-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
level E-NonEvent
. O

weak B-Event
signal E-Event
make B-NonEvent
sure I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
remote I-NonEvent
controller I-NonEvent
is I-NonEvent
facing I-NonEvent
aircraft I-NonEvent
and I-NonEvent
avoid I-NonEvent
blocking I-NonEvent
the I-NonEvent
signal E-NonEvent
. O

insufficient B-Event
sd I-Event
card I-Event
space E-Event
change B-NonEvent
card I-NonEvent
or I-NonEvent
delete I-NonEvent
files E-NonEvent
. O

remote B-Event
controller I-Event
right I-Event
dial I-Event
locked E-Event
lightly B-NonEvent
press I-NonEvent
it I-NonEvent
to I-NonEvent
adjust E-NonEvent
. O

sd B-Event
card I-Event
write I-Event
speed I-Event
is I-Event
too I-Event
slow E-Event
not B-NonEvent
suitable I-NonEvent
for I-NonEvent
shooting I-NonEvent
a I-NonEvent
4K I-NonEvent
video E-NonEvent
. O

